aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.12
    # via -r requirements/_aiohttp.in
aiopg==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/_aiohttp.in
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiopg
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/_aiohttp.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.10
    # via yarl
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via opentelemetry-api
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via -r requirements/_aiohttp.in
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via werkzeug
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
opentelemetry-api==1.34.1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-client
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-server
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiopg
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-instrumentation==0.55b1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-client
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-server
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiopg
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-client==0.55b1
    # via -r requirements/_aiohttp.in
opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-server==0.55b1
    # via -r requirements/_aiohttp.in
opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiopg==0.55b1
    # via -r requirements/_aiohttp.in
opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi==0.55b1
    # via opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiopg
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.55b1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-client
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-server
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi
opentelemetry-util-http==0.55b1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-client
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-server
packaging==24.2
    # via opentelemetry-instrumentation
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements/_aiohttp.in
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via
    #   aiopg
    #   sqlalchemy
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
rpds-py==0.23.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sqlalchemy==1.4.54
    # via aiopg
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements/_aiohttp.in
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-client
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-server
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiopg
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
