anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/../../../packages/models-library/requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/../../../packages/settings-library/requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via uvicorn
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.99.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/../../../packages/models-library/requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/../../../packages/settings-library/requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/_fastapi.in
    #   prometheus-fastapi-instrumentator
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
grpcio==1.65.4
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/../../../packages/models-library/requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/../../../packages/settings-library/requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/_fastapi.in
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.0.0
    # via opentelemetry-api
opentelemetry-api==1.26.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp==1.26.0
    # via -r requirements/_fastapi.in
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common==1.26.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc==1.26.0
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http==1.26.0
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp
opentelemetry-instrumentation==0.47b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi==0.47b0
    # via opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi==0.47b0
    # via -r requirements/_fastapi.in
opentelemetry-proto==1.26.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
opentelemetry-sdk==1.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/_fastapi.in
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.47b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
opentelemetry-util-http==0.47b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/_fastapi.in
    #   prometheus-fastapi-instrumentator
prometheus-fastapi-instrumentator==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/_fastapi.in
protobuf==4.25.4
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   opentelemetry-proto
pydantic==1.10.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements/../../../packages/models-library/requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/../../../packages/settings-library/requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/../../../packages/settings-library/requirements/_base.in
    #   -c requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   fastapi
requests==2.32.3
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
setuptools==72.1.0
    # via opentelemetry-instrumentation
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
starlette==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/../../../packages/models-library/requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/../../../packages/settings-library/requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   fastapi
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   pydantic
    #   uvicorn
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/../../../packages/models-library/requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/../../../packages/settings-library/requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.30.5
    # via -r requirements/_fastapi.in
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata
