aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   pytest-aiohttp
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   aiohttp
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   -c requirements/_fastapi.txt
    #   httpx
asgi-lifespan==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest-docker
    #   referencing
botocore==1.36.4
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   -c requirements/_fastapi.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   requests
coverage==7.6.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/_test.in
    #   pytest-cov
docker==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
execnet==2.1.1
    # via pytest-xdist
faker==34.0.2
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
flaky==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_fastapi.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_fastapi.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/_fastapi.txt
    #   respx
icdiff==2.0.7
    # via pytest-icdiff
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   -c requirements/_fastapi.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via botocore
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-spec==0.1.3
    # via openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   jsonschema
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via openapi-spec-validator
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==1.14.1
    # via sqlalchemy
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
numpy==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
openapi-schema-validator==0.4.3
    # via openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.5.5
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   -c requirements/_fastapi.txt
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
pathable==0.4.4
    # via jsonschema-spec
pillow==11.1.0
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
pip==24.3.1
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pprintpp==0.4.0
    # via pytest-icdiff
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via pytest-benchmark
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/_test.in
    #   pytest-aiohttp
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-benchmark
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-docker
    #   pytest-icdiff
    #   pytest-instafail
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-sugar
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-aiohttp==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
pytest-asyncio==0.23.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/_test.in
    #   pytest-aiohttp
pytest-benchmark==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
pytest-docker==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
pytest-icdiff==0.9
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
pytest-instafail==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
pytest-runner==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
pytest-sugar==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
pytest-xdist==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   faker
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   -r requirements/_test.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   jsonschema-spec
referencing==0.36.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   docker
respx==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via openapi-schema-validator
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   -c requirements/_fastapi.txt
    #   anyio
    #   asgi-lifespan
sqlalchemy==1.4.54
    # via
    #   -c requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -r requirements/_test.in
sqlalchemy2-stubs==0.0.2a38
    # via sqlalchemy
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via pytest-sugar
types-aiofiles==24.1.0.20241221
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
types-psutil==6.1.0.20241221
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
types-psycopg2==2.9.21.20250121
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
types-requests==2.32.0.20241016
    # via types-tqdm
types-tqdm==4.67.0.20241221
    # via -r requirements/_test.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   -c requirements/_fastapi.txt
    #   anyio
    #   faker
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   mypy
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy2-stubs
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/../../../requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/_aiohttp.txt
    #   -c requirements/_base.txt
    #   aiohttp
